Just me
Su Xiao, you joined forces with them
I want to die, Mr. Lu
You don't want me to die
One Night Couple Hundred Days
If I die
At that time, these photos
It will immediately go to the major media
What about Lu Enterprises' reputation?
You think you can judge me with these, those are not enough
Mr. Lu adds this
Last time, it was to stimulate Tang Yao
This time I'm really pregnant
you
You all go
Sign it.
You want me to withdraw from Tang's
Can't cut
Down is running this fund once withdrawn
Migration of the whole body of Falton
All Tang projects will be suspended
At that time
Tang's business is your asset company
Sign it now
Sign it, Mr. Lu
Dawdling won't change the ending
Tang's Opening Banquet
I want to make Tang Yao lose face
Unable to survive
Death is unknown
everyone
Welcome to the opening dinner of my Down movie
This movie
It was my first film with Down
It's also me, Tang's, Du Xing and Director Du
The first project of cooperation
Let's twist the egg with art cinema
Join hands to create a story
Director Jing Du
Jin, everyone, such a lively occasion
How could you not call me?